hi I'm Tim oh I'm 18 years old and I'm a
German freestyler I started to practice
freestyle because of the ronaldinho
commercial in 2003 so I just had fun to
play with the football on the streets
and make the moves like him
my favorite trick is around the moon
where you go with the hat around the
ball
well I wish
power in summer 2005 and we had four
days of non-stop freestyle and was very
cool to meet such a such a great
freestyler and i had opportunity to
learn a lot of him
well I prac
every day and about one hour in average
the most difficult trick was the lemons
around the world took me a lot of time
to do that stuff the easiest one was I
guess the crossover
you
well frittatas are like well there are
some free cells which are actually
adults for me such as mr. boo or or even
parlor and yes they are my heroes
oh I guess my first combo was the hop
the world to around the world in 2003 I
did it
my favorite freestyle movie is actually
the cheese on e part one because it gets
so much Flair and style it's incredible
well my biggest LP was I think in berlin
in front of like 500 tooth other people
but i hope to get more and bigger LPS in
summer and work up
six month in Brazil very very cool and
learn a lot in futsal football and
freestyle and the people inspired me a
lot there the weather is great people
upgrade the food is great but it's kind
of dangerous sometimes they're so keep
your eyes open peace